
# 1. Meeting Minutes February 9th

- [1. Meeting Minutes February 9th](#1-meeting-minutes-february-9th)
  - [1.1. Progress](#11-progress)
  - [1.2. Agenda](#12-agenda)
  - [1.3. Updates of the ontology](#13-updates-of-the-ontology)
  - [1.4. Fix some scripts syntax errors](#14-fix-some-scripts-syntax-errors)
  - [1.5. Enumerate changes to do on the ontology](#15-enumerate-changes-to-do-on-the-ontology)
  - [1.6. Quick demonstration of trello](#16-quick-demonstration-of-trello)
  - [1.7. Tasks](#17-tasks)
  - [1.8. Next meeting](#18-next-meeting)
  - [1.9. Go back to all mettings](#19-go-back-to-all-mettings)

| Members 	| Time 	| Venue 	|
|---	|---	|---	|
| Dr. Mario LEZOCHE<br>Mariano FERREIRONE<br>Hamza ABDOULHOUSSEN<br>Hadrien ROCHU 	| 14h - 16h 	| CRAN Lab 	|

## 1.1. Progress
- Made a first version of the ontology
- Wrote a python script that inserts individuals into the ontology with inputs
- Discover Mariano’s Trello workspace made for the team tasks


## 1.2. Agenda
1. updates of the ontology
2. fix some scripts syntax errors
3. enumerate changes to do on the ontology
4. quick demonstration of trello


## 1.3. Updates of the ontology
We presented the updates made on the ontology. We added some matches and showed how we could
represent matches with our ontology. Then we explained some points still not very clear, the conditions
to make a movement, how are the rules linked.


## 1.4. Fix some scripts syntax errors
We made a demonstration of the python script, there was some mistakes. We fixed them and explained
how it works. It takes the first ontology, copy each line on a new file until the individuals block.
Then it ask for input and add new individuals with some templates files. At the end of the prompt,
it add the rest of the lines. 
[Here is the ReadMe of the script](https://github.com/Hamza-ABDOULHOUSSEN/PIDR_knowledge_graph/tree/main/Python%20insertion%20test)


## 1.5. Enumerate changes to do on the ontology
We can find the changes on the trello.
We presented the ontology, the concepts and links to Dr. Mario, he gives us some advice for the ontology.
- keep the same name standard, it is easier to read and understand
- don’t add information in the name because the ontology can’t access to those information
- make items as atomic as possible for movement
- maybe add square with file and rank
- replace description classes to annotations
- add players on a match (players could be an AI)
- find a way to describe pawn’s promotion
- check for chess ontologies online, and compare them to this ontology


## 1.6. Quick demonstration of trello
Mariano showed us the trello and how we could use that to organize our tasks. There are tasks to
do, others on Development and Backlog less important and to do if we have time.

## 1.7. Tasks
All tasks are written on the [Trello](https://trello.com/b/4rxElQot/pidr-status)

- Continue the knowledge graph conferences [optional]
- Make changes and update the ontology
- Review the script and check for owl syntax
- Search how to create a diagram for the ontology

## 1.8. Next meeting
[February 16th 2022](2022_02_16.md)

## 1.9. Go back to all mettings
[List of meetings](../ReadMe.md)
