
# 1. Meeting Minutes February 2nd

- [1. Meeting Minutes February 2nd](#1-meeting-minutes-february-2nd)
  - [1.1. Progress](#11-progress)
  - [1.2. Agenda](#12-agenda)
  - [1.3. Presentation of the ontology](#13-presentation-of-the-ontology)
  - [1.4. Explain the concept of match and his flaws](#14-explain-the-concept-of-match-and-his-flaws)
  - [1.5. Try others methods to describe a match](#15-try-others-methods-to-describe-a-match)
  - [1.6. Create the individual of the shortest game](#16-create-the-individual-of-the-shortest-game)
  - [1.7. Tasks](#17-tasks)
  - [1.8. Next meeting](#18-next-meeting)
  - [1.9. Go back to all mettings](#19-go-back-to-all-mettings)


| Members 	| Time 	| Venue 	|
|---	|---	|---	|
| Mariano FERREIRONE<br>Hamza ABDOULHOUSSEN<br>Killian CRESSANT<br>Hadrien ROCHU 	| 14h - 16 	| CRAN Lab 	|

## 1.1. Progress
- We finished the concepts for the chess ontology
- We found an issue to clone the git repository


## 1.2. Agenda
1. presentation of the ontology
2. explain the concept of match and his flaws
3. try others methods to describe a match
4. create the individual of the shortest game


## 1.3. Presentation of the ontology
We present the different classes of the ontology, which are different chess concepts (pieces, moves, condition, rules, square, ...)


## 1.4. Explain the concept of match and his flaws
We use a class Match_moves to create a list of movements like a chain. From a Match_moves, we can check the moving piece, the rank and the file of the next square and it describes the movement. To make a chain, we used a property NextMove which gives the next move from a Match_moves to another.  
We thought this conception is a programming one, and we were not sure that this was the correct way to make matches on ontologies. The difficulty was to make a dynamic game (like chess) in a static ontology.  
We also thought about the problem of the big number of individuals.


## 1.5. Try others methods to describe a match
Another way to conceptualize a match was to make a board which is linked to every piece and all their current positions. Yet, it is hard to change a property so it is hard to give a current square for
the pieces).  
As we have to write a large amount of individuals, a great idea is to create a script that allow it in a simple way


## 1.6. Create the individual of the shortest game
We chose the first method and tried to write individuals for the shortest match.

## 1.7. Tasks
- Start the knowledge graph conferences
- Try to create a script that writes directly and easily in the ontology [optional]
- Complete the individuals for the first match and see the limits of our conception

## 1.8. Next meeting
[February 9th 2022](2022_02_09.md)

## 1.9. Go back to all mettings
[List of meetings](../ReadMe.md)
