
# 1. Meeting Minutes February 23th

- [1. Meeting Minutes February 23th](#1-meeting-minutes-february-23th)
  - [1.1. Progress](#11-progress)
  - [1.2. Agenda](#12-agenda)
  - [1.3. Issues on owlready2](#13-issues-on-owlready2)
  - [1.4. Dynamic part of the ontologies](#14-dynamic-part-of-the-ontologies)
  - [1.5. Script with comments](#15-script-with-comments)
  - [1.6. Begin with knowledge graphs](#16-begin-with-knowledge-graphs)
  - [1.7. Tasks](#17-tasks)
  - [1.8. Next meeting](#18-next-meeting)
  - [1.9. Go back to all mettings](#19-go-back-to-all-mettings)

| Members 	| Time 	| Venue 	|
|---	|---	|---	|
| Mariano FERREIRONE<br>Hamza ABDOULHOUSSEN<br>Killian CRESSANT<br>Hadrien ROCHU 	| 15h15 - 16h30 	| CRAN Lab 	|

## 1.1. Progress
– We tried to use owlready2 to read and write in ontologies
– Complete the ontologies with data properties


## 1.2. Agenda
1. issues on owlready2
2. dynamic part of the ontologies
3. script with comments
4. begin with knowledge graphs


## 1.3. Issues on owlready2
We have used the python package `owlready2` to read an ontologies.  
It reads ontologies and we can extract classes and individuals in objects.  
We tried to create python class and insert them to the ontology and we also tried to link two ontologies,
however we can’t save the changes, there were several issues (file is not readable, permission
issues)


## 1.4. Dynamic part of the ontologies
We came back to the dynamic part of the ontology, we don’t know how to represent that in ontologies.
First, we will focus on the static part and use that ontology. We could search, to load the ontology
on python and make the dynamic part on python.

## 1.5. Script with comments
The python script is working, but there was issues once because of the file syntax which have changed.  
We saw that the script use comment to found the blocks. The main syntax of owl file is the
same but maybe the comments changed with the version of `protégé`. A solution is to get to blocks
with main code and skip the comments.


## 1.6. Begin with knowledge graphs
At the end, we thought that we could start with knowledge graphs, Mariano will look for the code or
the application we will use to create knowledge graphs

## 1.7. Tasks
- Finish at least the static part of the ontology
- See the first video of knowledge graphs
- Change the python script so it doesn’t depend on comments

## 1.8. Next meeting
[March 2nd 2022](2022_03_02.md)

## 1.9. Go back to all mettings
[List of meetings](../ReadMe.md)
